ROLE MODELS

My older brother induced me to loose my high school 

He wasn't a big achiever in university either

And so I went to university, performing like shit, because I preferred drinking and going out and being lazy and playing flight simulator. 

I didn't even read books, 

And then my brother went to Valencia, a whole year, on an erasmus exchange

I was jealous as fuck

And so I found a new motivation. 

I wanted to do erasmus. 

My university wouldn't allow it, so I switched to another city. 

Nobody ever switches midway their degree. It caused a lot of pain and frustration and subsequently the two best years of my life. 

People talk a lot about being consistent and pushing through, but somehow making drastic changes has often led me to lead to way better solutions in my life. 
Later on with Zipmex the same would happen. I would push through for 6 months only to realise later on I should have quit way earlier.

And then my brother decided to become a surgeon. 

My mediocre brother, with mediocre points, without ambitions, all of a sudden decided to become a surgeon. 

15 years later I asked how that happened. He told me he befriended some Portuguese people in Valencia, and they were maniacs. Having fun for 3 months, then locking themselves up for 2 months. No more fun, only study. 16 hours per day. 

Don't let people tell you you cannot study for 16 hours. You can. 

It's in a strange way one of the most gratifying periods of my life. I spent two months, waking up every day at 6am, and going to bed at 10pm. Eating at 7, 12 and 6pm. 3 coffees per day, at fixed times. Only studying, literally only studying. Maybe a monastery would fit my weird sense of fulfilment. Or buddhism. 

And so while I learned from his motivation, and got the best grades ever in my last 2 years (while also having partyied the hardest in those 2 years), the engineering degree offers very little paths straight to high-paying prestigious jobs. 

The only ones were consulting: McKinsey, Bain, BCG

I applied to them, but my social skills were definitely not on-par with what they needed. While I found a way to work hard, I was still socially awkward, and still couldn't take initiative. 

So no consulting. 

But they made me put a goal. They explained how after 3 or 4 years of working they would send their consultants to do an MBA.

The MBA became my goal. 

In 3-4 years, I would do an MBA




